{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 (Transformers) pengzedong@pengzedongs-MacBook-Pro lm-watermarking % python3 app.py\
Namespace(run_gradio=True, demo_public=False, model_name_or_path='facebook/opt-125m', load_fp16=False, prompt_max_length=None, max_new_tokens=200, generation_seed=123, use_sampling=True, n_beams=1, sampling_temp=0.7, use_gpu=True, seeding_scheme='simple_1', gamma=0.25, delta=2.0, normalizers=[], ignore_repeated_bigrams=False, detection_z_threshold=4.0, select_green_tokens=True, skip_model_load=False, seed_separately=True)\
################################################################################\
Prompt:\
The diamondback terrapin or simply terrapin (Malaclemys terrapin) is a species of turtle native to the brackish coastal tidal marshes of the Northeastern and southern United States, and in Bermuda.[6] It belongs to the monotypic genus Malaclemys. It has one of the largest ranges of all turtles in North America, stretching as far south as the Florida Keys and as far north as Cape Cod.[7] The name 'terrapin' is derived from the Algonquian word torope.[8] It applies to Malaclemys terrapin in both British English and American English. The name originally was used by early European settlers in North America to describe these brackish-water turtles that inhabited neither freshwater habitats nor the sea. It retains this primary meaning in American English.[8] In British English, however, other semi-aquatic turtle species, such as the red-eared slider, might also be called terrapins. The common name refers to the diamond pattern on top of its shell (carapace), but the overall pattern and coloration vary greatly. The shell is usually wider at the back than in the front, and from above it appears wedge-shaped. The shell coloring can vary from brown to grey, and its body color can be grey, brown, yellow, or white. All have a unique pattern of wiggly, black markings or spots on their body and head. The diamondback terrapin has large webbed feet.[9] The species is\
Generating with Namespace(run_gradio=True, demo_public=False, model_name_or_path='facebook/opt-125m', load_fp16=False, prompt_max_length=None, max_new_tokens=200, generation_seed=123, use_sampling=True, n_beams=1, sampling_temp=0.7, use_gpu=True, seeding_scheme='simple_1', gamma=0.25, delta=2.0, normalizers=[], ignore_repeated_bigrams=False, detection_z_threshold=4.0, select_green_tokens=True, skip_model_load=False, seed_separately=True, is_seq2seq_model=False, is_decoder_only_model=True, default_prompt="The diamondback terrapin or simply terrapin (Malaclemys terrapin) is a species of turtle native to the brackish coastal tidal marshes of the Northeastern and southern United States, and in Bermuda.[6] It belongs to the monotypic genus Malaclemys. It has one of the largest ranges of all turtles in North America, stretching as far south as the Florida Keys and as far north as Cape Cod.[7] The name 'terrapin' is derived from the Algonquian word torope.[8] It applies to Malaclemys terrapin in both British English and American English. The name originally was used by early European settlers in North America to describe these brackish-water turtles that inhabited neither freshwater habitats nor the sea. It retains this primary meaning in American English.[8] In British English, however, other semi-aquatic turtle species, such as the red-eared slider, might also be called terrapins. The common name refers to the diamond pattern on top of its shell (carapace), but the overall pattern and coloration vary greatly. The shell is usually wider at the back than in the front, and from above it appears wedge-shaped. The shell coloring can vary from brown to grey, and its body color can be grey, brown, yellow, or white. All have a unique pattern of wiggly, black markings or spots on their body and head. The diamondback terrapin has large webbed feet.[9] The species is")\
################################################################################\
Output without watermark:\
 reported to be produced by the Vermonteran turtle, Fusarium terrapin.\
\
The turtle was named by the late William Preston.\
\
The species was first described by the American conservationist John S. Sanderson in the 1920s. The turtle was found in Bermuda in the early 1930s and was named after William Preston. The turtle has a distinct characteristic yellow yellow color, but it also has a blackish-black pattern on its body. It has a large yellow ring on its body that is shaped like the small opening in its head. It has a yellow eye with a small white ring on its body.[10]\
\
The species has a distinct characteristic blackish-black pattern on its body. It has a yellow ring on its body that is shaped like the small opening in its head. It has a yellow eye with a small white ring on its body.[10]\
\
The species was named by the American conservationist John S. Sanderson in\
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
Detection result @ 4.0:\
([['Tokens Counted (T)', '199'],\
  ['# Tokens in Greenlist', '52'],\
  ['Fraction of T in Greenlist', '26.1%'],\
  ['z-score', '0.368'],\
  ['p value', '0.356'],\
  ['z-score Threshold', '4.0'],\
  ['Prediction', 'Human/Unwatermarked']],\
 Namespace(run_gradio=True, demo_public=False, model_name_or_path='facebook/opt-125m', load_fp16=False, prompt_max_length=1848, max_new_tokens=200, generation_seed=123, use_sampling=True, n_beams=1, sampling_temp=0.7, use_gpu=True, seeding_scheme='simple_1', gamma=0.25, delta=2.0, normalizers=[], ignore_repeated_bigrams=False, detection_z_threshold=4.0, select_green_tokens=True, skip_model_load=False, seed_separately=True, is_seq2seq_model=False, is_decoder_only_model=True, default_prompt="The diamondback terrapin or simply terrapin (Malaclemys terrapin) is a species of turtle native to the brackish coastal tidal marshes of the Northeastern and southern United States, and in Bermuda.[6] It belongs to the monotypic genus Malaclemys. It has one of the largest ranges of all turtles in North America, stretching as far south as the Florida Keys and as far north as Cape Cod.[7] The name 'terrapin' is derived from the Algonquian word torope.[8] It applies to Malaclemys terrapin in both British English and American English. The name originally was used by early European settlers in North America to describe these brackish-water turtles that inhabited neither freshwater habitats nor the sea. It retains this primary meaning in American English.[8] In British English, however, other semi-aquatic turtle species, such as the red-eared slider, might also be called terrapins. The common name refers to the diamond pattern on top of its shell (carapace), but the overall pattern and coloration vary greatly. The shell is usually wider at the back than in the front, and from above it appears wedge-shaped. The shell coloring can vary from brown to grey, and its body color can be grey, brown, yellow, or white. All have a unique pattern of wiggly, black markings or spots on their body and head. The diamondback terrapin has large webbed feet.[9] The species is"))\
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
################################################################################\
Output with watermark:\
 only known in the United States. The turtle is native to New England, and it is protected from commercial ships. The turtle is protected from storm surges.\
\
Description\
\
The turtle is an all-inclusive turtle, and in the Texas Sea it is the smallest and largest. The long-lived turtle is bright white with yellow, and white with black markings. The long-lived turtle is between 1 and 2 feet long. The turtle is covered with white or dark or dark-blue eyes with white or dark-blue eyes. The Turtle's face appears black with a black tint, and its body can be divided into small streams. The turtle has a body which comprises its eyes, and except for its eyes, its eyes are black as well. Its face is covered with white or dark-blue eyes to the sides. The face is covered with white or dark-blue eyes to the sides. The eyes of the turtle are small and are covered with black. The eyes of the\
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
Detection result @ 4.0:\
([['Tokens Counted (T)', '199'],\
  ['# Tokens in Greenlist', '147'],\
  ['Fraction of T in Greenlist', '73.9%'],\
  ['z-score', '15.9'],\
  ['p value', '2.28e-57'],\
  ['z-score Threshold', '4.0'],\
  ['Prediction', 'Watermarked'],\
  ['Confidence', '100.000%']],\
 Namespace(run_gradio=True, demo_public=False, model_name_or_path='facebook/opt-125m', load_fp16=False, prompt_max_length=1848, max_new_tokens=200, generation_seed=123, use_sampling=True, n_beams=1, sampling_temp=0.7, use_gpu=True, seeding_scheme='simple_1', gamma=0.25, delta=2.0, normalizers=[], ignore_repeated_bigrams=False, detection_z_threshold=4.0, select_green_tokens=True, skip_model_load=False, seed_separately=True, is_seq2seq_model=False, is_decoder_only_model=True, default_prompt="The diamondback terrapin or simply terrapin (Malaclemys terrapin) is a species of turtle native to the brackish coastal tidal marshes of the Northeastern and southern United States, and in Bermuda.[6] It belongs to the monotypic genus Malaclemys. It has one of the largest ranges of all turtles in North America, stretching as far south as the Florida Keys and as far north as Cape Cod.[7] The name 'terrapin' is derived from the Algonquian word torope.[8] It applies to Malaclemys terrapin in both British English and American English. The name originally was used by early European settlers in North America to describe these brackish-water turtles that inhabited neither freshwater habitats nor the sea. It retains this primary meaning in American English.[8] In British English, however, other semi-aquatic turtle species, such as the red-eared slider, might also be called terrapins. The common name refers to the diamond pattern on top of its shell (carapace), but the overall pattern and coloration vary greatly. The shell is usually wider at the back than in the front, and from above it appears wedge-shaped. The shell coloring can vary from brown to grey, and its body color can be grey, brown, yellow, or white. All have a unique pattern of wiggly, black markings or spots on their body and head. The diamondback terrapin has large webbed feet.[9] The species is"))\
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
Traceback (most recent call last):\
  File "/Users/pengzedong/Documents/Code/projects/lm-watermarking/app.py", line 52, in <module>\
    main(args)\
  File "/Users/pengzedong/Documents/Code/projects/lm-watermarking/demo_watermark.py", line 693, in main\
    run_gradio(args, model=model, tokenizer=tokenizer, device=device)\
  File "/Users/pengzedong/Documents/Code/projects/lm-watermarking/demo_watermark.py", line 609, in run_gradio\
    demo.queue(concurrency_count=3)\
  File "/Users/pengzedong/anaconda3/envs/Transformers/lib/python3.11/site-packages/gradio/blocks.py", line 1676, in queue\
    raise DeprecationWarning(\
DeprecationWarning: concurrency_count has been deprecated. Set the concurrency_limit directly on event listeners e.g. btn.click(fn, ..., concurrency_limit=10) or gr.Interface(concurrency_limit=10). If necessary, the total number of workers can be configured via `max_threads` in launch().}